### Response-Time Analysis for Mixed Criticality Systems

##### Partitioned Criticality
In partitioned criticality, priorities are assigned according to criticality, so all jobs of criticality L1 have a higher priority than all jobs of criticality L2 if L1 > L2.
##### Static Mixed Criticality
In SMC, schedulability is obtained from optimising the temporal characteristics of the tasks rather than their criticality parameter.

And there is a expression:

Ri  = Ci + sum{ceiling(Ri / Tj) * Cj}
Where R is response time, C is computation time, T is period.
In my mind, it can be simplified approximately:

1 = Ci / Ri  + sum {Cj / Tj}
which means that the total utilization cannot be larger than 1.
##### Adaptive Mixed Criticality
With a platform that can monitor for how long individual jobs have been executing, the AMC can obtain enhanced performance over the static scheme.
AMC is provided by this paper with the following rules:
1. There is a criticality level indicator †, initialized to LO.
2. While († == LO), at each instant the waiting job generated by the task with highest priority is selected for execution.
3. If the currently-executing job executes for its LO-criticality WCET without signalling completion, then † <-- HI.
4. Once († == HI), jobs with criticality level == LO will not be executing. Henceforth, therefore, at each instant the waiting job generated by the HI-criticality task with the highest priority is selected for execution.
5. An additional rule could specify the circumstances whe † gets reset to LO.
And no run-time servers or dynamic slack reclaiming algorithm is needed for AMC -- just execution time monitoring.

The condition here making † from LO to HI is when there is a job missed its WCET, i.e., there is a job cannot be scheduled. And system will handle the HI critical job first.

It is reasonable. It is just like if the system cannot handle all jobs on time, it will handle part of them first.

I guess the condition which change the † from HI to LO can be the rules copied by SMC.
